Update user-valid algorithm (#33105)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/_colon_user-valid/index.md

The **`:user-valid`** CSS [pseudo-class](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes) represents any validated form element whose value validates correctly based on its [validation constraints](/en-US/docs/Learn/Forms#constraint_validation). However, unlike {{cssxref(":valid")}} it only matches once the user has interacted with it.

This pseudo-class is applied if the form control is valid and any of the following has occurred:

> - The user made a change to the form control and committed the change such as by moving focus elsewhere

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The user made a change to the form control and committed the change such as by moving focus elsewhere.
```

> This pseudo-class is applied according to the following rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pseudo-class is applied if the form control is valid and any of the following has occurred:
```

- The following rules apply only if the user has committed a changed value or attempted to submit the form.

> - If the value is valid, apply this pseudo-class.

Author: Wait, is it supposed to match `:user-valid` when you don't leave the control ? I don't get this behavior on Chrome : 
![user-valid](https://github.com/mdn/content/assets/25901730/ebd6e64b-b3a4-4a75-87a4-0580365b48f1)

Can't test on Firefox right now, will update as soon as I can

> - If the value is valid, apply this pseudo-class.

Reviewer: It will only match a value that becomes valid when the user hasn't left focus is the value was invalid when the control got focus. 

Enter "test", then leave. It turns red and :user-invalid.
Go to https://codepen.io/estelle/pen/OJGoBdR (a fork of your codepen), change the value to  `test@` then give focus elsewhere - the :user-invalid shows up. Go back in, add a letter, so the value is something like `test@g`, a valid intranet value. The :user-valid shows up. In chrome too ;)

> - If the value is valid, apply this pseudo-class.

Author: Right, the woes of trying to explain an easy algorithm in english 🙃
